Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 1, Welcome and Calendar.
This unit has 70 vocabulary cards in 6 learning groups.
Group 1 is Greetings and Introductions.
Listen for words such as name, partner, like, spell, friend, hello.
Group 2 is Calendar Words.
Listen for words such as calendar, day, week, month, date, birthday.
Group 3 is Words Around Us.
Listen for words such as book, tablet, chart, picture, word.
Group 4 is Colours.
Listen for words such as red, blue, green, yellow, orange, purple.
Group 5 is Numbers 1 to 12.
Listen for words such as one, two, three, four, five, six.
Group 6 is Order Words for Dates.
Listen for words such as first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 1.